[C++ for OpenCL] Misc formattings/clarifications (#516)
KhronosGroup/OpenCL-Docs: cxx4opencl/address_spaces.txt

==== Casts

> C-style casts follow rules of `OpenCL C v2.0 s6.5.5`. Conversions in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
C-style casts follow rules of `OpenCL C v2.0 s6.5.5`. Conversions of
```

> pointer/references to generic address space can be made by any {cpp} cast

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pointers and references to the generic address space can be done by any {cpp} cast
```

operator (as an implicit conversion); converting from generic to named address

> space can only be done using the dedicated `addrspace_cast` operator. Operator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
space can only be done using the dedicated `addrspace_cast` operator. The
```

> `addrspace_cast` can only convert between address spaces in pointers/references

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`addrspace_cast` operator can only convert between address spaces for pointers and references
```
